Updated nonfunctional commitment with customer (#9755)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/manage-tenant-allow-block-list.md

## What to expect after you add an allow or block entry

> After you add an allow entry through the Submissions portal or a block entry in the Tenant Allow/Block List, the entry should start working immediately within 99.999% of the time. For the rest it can take upto 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you add an allow entry through the Submissions portal or a block entry in the Tenant Allow/Block List, the entry should start working immediately 99.99% of the time. For the rest, it could take up to 24 hours.
```
